Okay, welcome back. So we've covered all the material of the course.
Let's go through and break down each section.
So in the first section,
we talked about deploying highly available microservices
and one of the really interesting concept we covered was cloud native.
So what is cloud native and why is it so important?
We next went into Cloud 9 and we went through
a web-based environment for building Lambda functions.
Then we also talked about how to build your own Lambda functions and
how event-driven services are really the future of Cloud computing.
Finally, we wrapped up that section with how to
actually go through and scale Lambda functions and how in Python,
in particular, you can write
really interesting workflows with just a very small amount of code.
In lesson two, we covered using Docker format containers.
So what that meant was we set up a local development environment,
we learned how to make something called a make
file and we went through and installed Docker.
We were linking our source code and integrated that with a SaaS build server, CircleCI.
We ran through Docker containers locally and then we customized
the containers by checking them into Amazon's ECR or Elastic Container Registry.
In section three, we went over containerizing an existing app.
So what this meant was taking a Docker base image,
enhancing that Docker base image,
making sure that the new Docker image has
packages installed and that we were able to copy an application,
set up an application,
start an application, and then run it all within a container.
In lesson four, we talked about containers and services orchestration with Kubernetes.
So we went through installing Kubernetes and then
we broke out what actually is Kubernetes.
Why do we care about Kubernetes and what problem does it really solve?
Next, we talked about monitoring,
logging, and debugging of Kubernetes.
Also, we talked about auto-scaling with CPU or memory.
A huge aspect of Kubernetes is that it does allow you to build
these architectures that previously were really complicated to
build or even impossible before something like Kubernetes existed.
In our final section, what we talked about was operationalizing a microservice.
This meant a few things; one,
that you have alerts and incident response;
two, that you took disaster recovery seriously.
It's really easy to not take disaster recovery
seriously and then you have a critical event that wipes out your company.
So this is maybe one of
the most important aspects of any topic that we covered in DevOps.
We also talked about continuous integration and continuous deployment and how
that works really well with the concept of containers.
We talked about how GitOps,
in particular, ties into that.
So all your source code for your project plus
the source code for your infrastructure are combined in
one commit and a pull request is able to show all that and then
you're able to deploy both the container and the application simultaneously.
Finally, we talked about logging and load testing and how both
of those combined together can really do due diligence.
So when you do it an important launched like building a game server or launching
some really important financial service that you know
exactly what the performance characteristics will be of your application.
This is really a sweet spot for containers as well.
So thank you so much for spending the time and going through the course with us.
I really appreciate everything you did and I
really wish you the best of luck using containers in production.